README.md, before:

## Website Performance Optimization portfolio project

Your challenge, if you wish to accept it (and we sure hope you will), is to optimize this online portfolio for speed! In particular, optimize the critical rendering path and make this page render as quickly as possible by applying the techniques you've picked up in the [Critical Rendering Path course](https://www.udacity.com/course/ud884).

To get started, check out the repository and inspect the code.

### Getting started

#### Part 1: Optimize PageSpeed Insights score for index.html

Some useful tips to help you get started:

1. Check out the repository
1. To inspect the site on your phone, you can run a local server

  ```bash
  $> cd /path/to/your-project-folder
  $> python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8080
  ```

1. Open a browser and visit localhost:8080
1. Download and install [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to the top-level of your project directory to make your local server accessible remotely.

  ``` bash
  $> cd /path/to/your-project-folder
  $> ./ngrok http 8080
  ```

1. Copy the public URL ngrok gives you and try running it through PageSpeed Insights! Optional: [More on integrating ngrok, Grunt and PageSpeed.](http://www.jamescryer.com/2014/06/12/grunt-pagespeed-and-ngrok-locally-testing/)

Profile, optimize, measure... and then lather, rinse, and repeat. Good luck!

#### Part 2: Optimize Frames per Second in pizza.html

To optimize views/pizza.html, you will need to modify views/js/main.js until your frames per second rate is 60 fps or higher. You will find instructive comments in main.js. 

You might find the FPS Counter/HUD Display useful in Chrome developer tools described here: [Chrome Dev Tools tips-and-tricks](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/tips-and-tricks).

### Optimization Tips and Tricks
* [Optimizing Performance](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/ "web performance")
* [Analyzing the Critical Rendering Path](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/analyzing-crp.html "analyzing crp")
* [Optimizing the Critical Rendering Path](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/optimizing-critical-rendering-path.html "optimize the crp!")
* [Avoiding Rendering Blocking CSS](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/render-blocking-css.html "render blocking css")
* [Optimizing JavaScript](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/adding-interactivity-with-javascript.html "javascript")
* [Measuring with Navigation Timing](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/measure-crp.html "nav timing api"). We didn't cover the Navigation Timing API in the first two lessons but it's an incredibly useful tool for automated page profiling. I highly recommend reading.
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/eliminate-downloads.html">The fewer the downloads, the better</a>
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/optimize-encoding-and-transfer.html">Reduce the size of text</a>
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/image-optimization.html">Optimize images</a>
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/http-caching.html">HTTP caching</a>

### Customization with Bootstrap
The portfolio was built on Twitter's <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/">Bootstrap</a> framework. All custom styles are in `dist/css/portfolio.css` in the portfolio repo.

* <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/css/">Bootstrap's CSS Classes</a>
* <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/components/">Bootstrap's Components</a>

Commit message:

Change the script to have page at average 60fps

README.md, after:

#Main modifications made to the original site to run qiuckier:

- in index.html
	-move style.css and print.css inline. There was not much code, so it is not necessary to put the style in different file. In this way, the page loads qiuckier.
	-remove downloading font
	-made google analytics script load async; move the function at the bottom of the page (the function is not changing DOM, so it's not necessary to load it at the beginning)
	
- in main.js (for pizzas)
	-pizzaImageContainer and pizzaDescriptionContainer changed their .style.width=... using bootstrap to col-md-...
	-function changePizzaSizes:
		*change querySelectorAll to getElementsByClassName
		*there is less accessing the DOM because I set working variables before the loop
		*adding second loop to lower the need to render and paint too much 
	-function updatePositions:
		*move repeated steps before the for cycle


## Website Performance Optimization portfolio project

Your challenge, if you wish to accept it (and we sure hope you will), is to optimize this online portfolio for speed! In particular, optimize the critical rendering path and make this page render as quickly as possible by applying the techniques you've picked up in the [Critical Rendering Path course](https://www.udacity.com/course/ud884).

To get started, check out the repository and inspect the code.

### Getting started

#### Part 1: Optimize PageSpeed Insights score for index.html

Some useful tips to help you get started:

1. Check out the repository
1. To inspect the site on your phone, you can run a local server

  ```bash
  $> cd /path/to/your-project-folder
  $> python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8080
  ```

1. Open a browser and visit localhost:8080
1. Download and install [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to the top-level of your project directory to make your local server accessible remotely.

  ``` bash
  $> cd /path/to/your-project-folder
  $> ./ngrok http 8080
  ```

1. Copy the public URL ngrok gives you and try running it through PageSpeed Insights! Optional: [More on integrating ngrok, Grunt and PageSpeed.](http://www.jamescryer.com/2014/06/12/grunt-pagespeed-and-ngrok-locally-testing/)

Profile, optimize, measure... and then lather, rinse, and repeat. Good luck!

#### Part 2: Optimize Frames per Second in pizza.html

To optimize views/pizza.html, you will need to modify views/js/main.js until your frames per second rate is 60 fps or higher. You will find instructive comments in main.js. 

You might find the FPS Counter/HUD Display useful in Chrome developer tools described here: [Chrome Dev Tools tips-and-tricks](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/tips-and-tricks).

### Optimization Tips and Tricks
* [Optimizing Performance](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/ "web performance")
* [Analyzing the Critical Rendering Path](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/analyzing-crp.html "analyzing crp")
* [Optimizing the Critical Rendering Path](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/optimizing-critical-rendering-path.html "optimize the crp!")
* [Avoiding Rendering Blocking CSS](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/render-blocking-css.html "render blocking css")
* [Optimizing JavaScript](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/adding-interactivity-with-javascript.html "javascript")
* [Measuring with Navigation Timing](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/measure-crp.html "nav timing api"). We didn't cover the Navigation Timing API in the first two lessons but it's an incredibly useful tool for automated page profiling. I highly recommend reading.
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/eliminate-downloads.html">The fewer the downloads, the better</a>
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/optimize-encoding-and-transfer.html">Reduce the size of text</a>
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/image-optimization.html">Optimize images</a>
* <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-content-efficiency/http-caching.html">HTTP caching</a>

### Customization with Bootstrap
The portfolio was built on Twitter's <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/">Bootstrap</a> framework. All custom styles are in `dist/css/portfolio.css` in the portfolio repo.

* <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/css/">Bootstrap's CSS Classes</a>
* <a href="http://getbootstrap.com/components/">Bootstrap's Components</a>
